#summary List of all the feutres that we wish to have on the util.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

In this page, please write all your wishs from the Util. and your commect over each wish.
 also vote with (+) or each time you find that your wish is allready on the list ( so we can undrested which wish is the most wanted).

= Details =

Wish List:
  * add print object option, that allow you to copy all the object and it propertise to clipbord, notepad or to print it.
  - coment:
       great idea!
  - vote
       (+)
  * duplicate object  - create new object that similar to the object you point on him, and let you to add it to a conteiner.
  - coment:
       no coment for now
  - vote
       no vote for now

  * add event listiner to an object
  - coment:
       no coment for now
  - vote
       no vote for now

  * add event listiner to an object
  - coment:
       no coment for now
  - vote
       no vote for now

  * control on item with mouse - move the item on the conteiner by mouse
  - coment:
       no coment for now
  - vote
       no vote for now

  * add an check box for disabling red mark feature (the one that mark the item that you point at with red frame)
some times it move all the layout .. so you like to have the function that disable it.
  - coment:
       no coment for now
  - vote
       no vote for now

  * add an option that aloow you to set style for the util. some time the util get bad style for the code and it unreadable  or unuseable.
  - coment:
       no coment for now
  - vote
       no vote for now

  * add search for element in the tree (or fillter) -  smetimes you look for item but u not sure where is in the layout.. u like to serach for it in all the child elemnt of a container.
  - coment:
       no coment for now
  - vote
       no vote for now

  * linkage for parent item/conteiner. add the abbilty for clicking on the property parent of an item and be able to view or switch to it parent.  this help the user to navigate mach better at the hierarchy of elements.
  - coment:
       no coment for now
  - vote
       no vote for now